v2.0.16
=======

**Improvements & Fixes**

*	Bug#582 - AppPage:Must require activity class.
*	Bug#580 - Record:confirmation required before test case name is duplicate.
*	Bug#579 - Manual: Wifi and Location features are not working in Nexus4(require Nizedha Installation.).
*	Bug#564 - Nizedha: Rename mocking location to simulating location
*	Bug#526 - Automation: Handle an orphan run
*	Bug#502 - Testcase:Not saving the edited data 'Meta-Data' and "User-Data"
*	Bug#501 - Testcase:Test-Step tab-currently No use of "Save" button.
*	Bug#42 - Reports:"UnicodeFncodeError" occurred when running a testcase.
*	Bug#385 - Reports:Functional Report-Error Type : "NoSuchElementException"
*	Bug#302 - Automation: displayed validation after click on cancel button.
*	Bug#341 - Automation: Logs not getting generated for automation test reports
*	Bug#239 - record:after lock and reopen the system,don't allow the user to record .
*	Bug#311 - Screen jerk when moving between Sign In and Sign Up pages
*	Bug#187 - Test Suite: aren't generating any report. pass-0,fail-0.
*	Bug#154 - Can not able to save the test case on japan language app (2013).
*	Bug#623 - Testsuite:showing pass:0 and fail :0 but other test suites are running successfully.
*	Bug#594 - Reports:better to show test case name (when downloading it's useful)
*	Bug#398 - Manual: Tag values are not displaying in Crash logs
*	Bug#613 - Record:when clicking on hide keyboard button it's showing error message.
*	Bug#618 - Testcase:It's showing only 5 test cases only.
*	Bug#621 - appboard:"version name" and "version code" is not properly aligned.
*	Bug#622 - Manual:Nizedha is crashed when we enter only one value in location field(ex:12.7)
*	Bug#632 - Airtel Demo - Ability to configure per user the maximum number of parallel
*	Bug#642 - Automation: Do not auto-show text box for a text field. Show other options too.
*	Bug#646 - Automation: Provide dual border for easy identification of objects
*	Bug#684 - Manual Automation: Acitivity Class is a mandatory field and should not be blank
*	Bug#683 - Manual Automation: If user deletes the Activity Class, he is not able to put it back
*	Bug#669 - Automation: Improving the naming of steps
*	Bug#670 - Automation: Put the status column first, then test step, then delete
*	Bug#678 - Nizedha: Create versioning for Nizedha
*	Bug#685 - Add line to support Xiaomi devices

**New Features**

* User can see all project from his/her org (no access control, any user can see other projects belongs to his/her orgs)
* Org and project are added to apk, testcase, run, testsuite, instance and report